>> Participant: Can we
pass anything to context?
For example, can we pass the drizzle
instance in the context?
>> Scott Moss: Absolutely, you can
pass whatever you want to the context.
So if you go to the route,
you can put anything here.
Doesn't matter what you put here.
You can literally put whatever you want
here, and it'll be on the context object.
The third argument inside of every single
resolver, as far as putting drizzle here.
Sure, db I can grab the database
from drizzle and I can put it here.
And in fact, this is usually recommended,
the convention is,
if you're in a resolver, look at
all the dependencies of a resolver.
You can see I have this dependency
on the database, right?
But it's not coming from the argument, so
this is kind of a dependency
injection pattern.
If you ever use angular or
anything like that, there's the concept
of dependency injection, which basically
makes your functions really easy to test.
Because if every dependency
that it needs is an argument,
when you go run this function in any other
context, you can mock those things out
easily by passing in whatever
you want as an argument.
So if you really wanna
test these very flexible,
then make sure all of
the dependencies are arguments.
So you can't control this, you can
only control this through the schema.
The only thing you do have control
over is the context object.
So in this case, yes,
passing the database onto the context.
So then you could do something like,
ctx.db, yeah,
that would be super flexible.
The reason I didn't do it is because
check this out, It just says any now.
I lose all the benefit of drizzle
having those types because I didn't do
the GraphQL code gen to map this
database to the output of drizzle,
it's just crazy TypeScript work.
So I decided not to do it,
so I could still get this.
I still like this TypeScript here.
So that's the only reason I didn't do it,
but yeah, in a production app,
I would just do the work, map the types,
and add it to my context object.
Every single thing that my resolver needed
would be on the context here because when
I go and test it I can change it.
I can mock it, I can do whatever I want
versus right now I'm creating, somewhat
of a closure by pulling it from the top
here, which makes this very hard to test.
Then you got to have a testing framework
that can mock out a whole module,
its just a lot of work.
One thing I just wanna kind of double
down on cuz I realized this was very
complicated for me, it's just
the concept of this first argument,
which is the parent argument.
I think what's complicated about this is,
when you think about how
the resolvers work, it's easy to
think that the resolvers are routes
that run when something happen but
that's actually not the case.
I can look at a GraphQL query and
tell you what resolver is going to
run just based off the query, right?
So if I go here, if I look at this query I
can tell you what resolver is gonna run.
The first resolver that's gonna run is
gonna be the issues resolver on the query
object.
That's gonna run,
it's gonna return this whole thing, okay?
The next resolver that's going to run,
is going to be the user
resolver on the issue type.
How do I know that?
Well, because issues
returns an array of issues.
So for each one of those issues,
I want to get the user.
So that means this user
is on the issue type, so
I know that the issue resolver on the user
type in the resolver is gonna run, right?
So if I go here, that's what's gonna run.
And then what's gonna run next?
The user is gonna return those fields and
then the issues field on the user
type is going to run, right?
So if I go to the user type,
the issues field is gonna run.
And I know that just by
looking at the query.
So if you wanna know what the parent
means, you can just look at your query.
When this user resolver runs on
the issue type, what is above it?
The issue, so that's the parent.
The parent is the issue here.
It's the one that's above it,
the one it's inside of.
Okay, when the issues resolver
runs on the user type,
so when this function runs,
what's its parent?
The user, the user is the parent.
That's what's above it, so that's how
you can figure out what the parent is.
And this is why I said, you'll never
have a parent on top level queries and
mutations because what is above it?
Nothing, there's nothing above it.
It's the first thing you're running,
so there's never parent.
But these nested ones,
they're called nested because
they're inside of something else.
So the thing that they're
inside of is its parent.
So just by looking at this query,
I know that the parent is issue.
I know that this parent is user.